[docs] Caching methods (#11625)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/cache.md

# Caching methods

> Cache methods speedup diffusion transformers by storing and reusing attention states instead of recalculating them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache methods speedup diffusion transformers by storing and reusing intermediate outputs of specific layers, such as attention and feedforward layers, instead of recalculating them at each inference step.
```
